ai codegen api updates (#8257)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## November 2025

> - **Behavior change**: The AI Codegen API now requires all input files to use UTF-8 encoding. Files that use other encodings will return an error. If you're working with legacy files that use a different encoding, convert them to UTF-8 before using the API.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: [dbt Copilot](/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot) now requires all input files to use UTF-8 encoding. Files that use other encodings will return an error. If you're working with legacy files that use a different encoding, convert them to UTF-8 before using Copilot.
```

> - **Enhancement**: The AI Codegen API now has improved reliability when working with OpenAI. This includes longer timeouts, better retry behavior, and improved handling of reasoning messages for long code generations, resulting in fewer failures and more successful completions.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement**: dbt Copilot now has improved reliability when working with OpenAI. This includes longer timeouts, better retry behavior, and improved handling of reasoning messages for long code generations, resulting in fewer failures and more successful completions.
```
